unify directives presentation (#211)
neo4j/docs-graphql: modules/ROOT/pages/directives/indexes-and-constraints.adoc

This page describes how to use indexes and constraints in the Neo4j GraphQL Library.

> [#_fulltext_indexes]

Reviewer: Is there a reason why you are using this here? I think these paragraph-specific URLs are automatically generated after the TOC headers. 
If that's to make it a more specific URL, then we need to make sure they are updated elsewhere (I don't know if redirects work for paragraph-specific URLs, but I think they do).

Author: it was in reverse, basically - 
i changed the heading text, and added the custom TOC headers to preserve the original URLs which are used throughout the docs.

i could instead update the links throughout the docs, if that's what we usually do

}
----

[#_unique_node_property_constraints]
== `@unique`

=== Definition

> Unique node property constraints map to `@unique` directives used in your type definitions, which has the following definition:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unique node property constraints map to `@unique` directives used in your type definitions.
They have the following definition:
```

[source, graphql, indent=0]
----
"""Informs @neo4j/graphql that there should be a uniqueness constraint in the database for the decorated field."""
directive @unique(
    """The name which should be used for this constraint. By default; type name, followed by an underscore, followed by the field name."""
    constraintName: String
) on FIELD_DEFINITION
----

> Using this directive does not automatically ensure the existence of these constraints, and you will need to run a function on server startup. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using this directive does not automatically ensure the existence of these constraints.
Run a function on server startup.
```

edit by rsill-neo4j: shortened to imperative

> See the section xref::/directives/indexes-and-constraints.adoc#_asserting_constraints[Asserting constraints] for details.

Author: ```suggestion
See section xref::/directives/indexes-and-constraints.adoc#_asserting_constraints[Asserting constraints] for details.
```
